3. System Features
3.1 Navigate Maze
3.1.1 Description and Priority
A Player may use the GUI to attempt to move into a room. If the door has not been unlocked they will need to answer a trivia question to progress into the next room. If a previous attempt has failed that door is locked.
3.1.2 Stimulus/Response Sequences
Stimulus: Player attempts to move into room through a locked door
Response: That door's trivia question is presented
Stimulus: Player attempts to move through already unlocked door
Response: Player's location is moved into the unlocked room.
Stimulus: Player attempts to move through a permanently locked door
Response: Player is informed that the door is impassable
3.1.3 Functional Requirements
TBD

3.2 Answer Questions
3.2.1 Description and Priority
The GUI will display one of several types of questions from the database. A user may select and submit an answer. Whether or not their answer is correct determines the change to the door state.
3.2.2 Stimulus/Response Sequences
Stimulus: Player action requests a question
Response: Interface presents a question formatted appropriately for its type
Stimulus: Player selects / enters an answer and submits
Response: Interface displays whether or not the player was correct
3.2.3 Functional Requirements
TBD

3.3 Save / Load
3.3.1 Description and Priority
During play, Player is allowed to save their progress and quit the game. This saves their location, score, and door status. This save can later be loaded to continue from where the player left off.
3.3.2 Stimulus/Response Sequences
Stimulus: Player presses the save button during an active game
Response: Requisite game state is saved to game folder for future use
Stimulus: Player requests to load a previously saved game
Response: Previous game state is adopted onto the current board
Stimulus: Player attempts to load a game when no previous game exists
Response: Player is informed that no save file exists
3.3.3 Functional Requirements
TBD

3.4 View High Score
3.4.1 Description and Priority
A player will be able to access a display through the GUI displaying all previous high scores entered into the table.
3.4.2 Stimulus/Response Sequences
Stimulus: Player requests high score page on interface
Response: Top high scores from table are presented in descending order
Stimulus: Player exits high score page
Response: Returns to previous page of interface